h1. Scrapers

Welcome to Scrapers! Scrapers is a collection of helper classes to help you grab data from HTML pages on the Internet. Each class is dedicated to a specific web page. Right now only 2 pages are implemented but I'll keep adding new ones as I need. Feel free to add your scraper here if you have one to share it with the community.

h2. Implemented Scrapers

* Wikipedia list of top US cities by population at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_population
* The list of US States acronymn from http://www.acronymfinder.com/stateabbreviations.asp 

h2. Contributing

Just git clone the project and start adding your scrapers. Would be nice if you can use an existing spec to test drive your scraper. Web calls aren't stubbed by design because if the page changes I'd like to know as fast as possible with a failing test. So to run the specs you need an Internet connection.

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Reborg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
